There are some existing similar websites or webapps that are also aimed for pet sitting and pet food selling.

One of them is “CatSittersToronto” i.e.[ www.catsittertoronto.ca](http://www.catsittertoronto.ca/). The service that the website mainly provides is cat sitting whereas Pawsup not only provides cat and dog sitting but various types of pet food selling. An obvious reason why Pawsup is better is that it covers a lot more services.

First, this website does not provide customers with the ability to view service provider’s status/profiles without setting up an account. Nowadays, if you are a cat owner looking for a cat sitting online, you would prefer to explore the service providers on the website a bit and then decide whether or not to set up an account to proceed. For example, you may want to know the locations of nearby service provides, the experience they have with cat sitting, reviews about them and the price, etc. However, on Pawsup, in order to let our customers feel confident about us, they will have easy access to our service provider’s profile along with all of the reviews about them. In this way, we can attract more customers and let them rest assured. CatSittersToronto does not do a great job in showcasing its services and products to its targeted customers. What they did is simply putting up some slogans and pictures about their service providers along with a brief description of who they are. They might want to consider letting people know more so that the customers will actually set up an account.

Why would you set up an account on a website if that website does not interest you and you have better options in the first place?

Second, if you are a cat owner and are decided to set up an account to proceed on the website, you need to wait for the website to verify the information that you filled in the form. This is really counter-intuitive and should not happen. Let’s say a scenario that I received an urgent call from my boss and I need to go out tomorrow. After the website tells me to wait, I will instantly switch to another website or web app because I don’t have time. But, on Pawsup, if you are a pet owner looking for pet sitting, there is no need to wait for an account set up. CatSittersToronto does not focus its service on some urgent and extreme cases. They need to cancel the wait time for pet owner account creation.

Third, there is not any particular way on CatSittersToronto that gives customers who spend money on our website the ability to reflect anything. However, on Pawsup, not only pet owners can write down reviews, they can post pictures of their pets on our social media platform to let people know how cute they are and what sort of healthy condition they are in (maybe after buying our products). For people who like writing down reviews on products and showing off their pets, Pawsup will be an excellent choice for them over CatSittersToronto.

CatSittersToronto feels somewhat dead and does a poor job in terms of user experience. On the contrary, Pawsup’s social media platform creates an active and live ambience for the customers and will also help attract a lot more new customers. People will feel engaged and involved when purchasing our products, and in best cases, they buy stuff on Pawsup in order to join the community.  

Another website is “ROVR” i.e.[ www.rovr.ca](http://www.rovr.ca/). The service that ROVR mainly provides is pet food selling. Again, Pawsup covers more service areas than ROVR.

ROVR has a poor filter system. It simply allows users to navigate to certain brands of pet food and that’s it. While Pawsup’s filter system is more advanced in every single way. It allows customers to filter through pet type, brands, flavour, wet or dry, pet life stage and price, etc. Let’s say that my dog is 10 years old and I am looking for dog food that is for senior dogs. It’s going to take forever for me to find such products on ROVR while it’s within seconds on Pawsup. ROVR may think that pet owners’ focus is only on pet food brands whereas Pawsup tends to find the one in million for every single pet owner to build a personalized user experience.

A common defect for both ROVR and CatSittersToronto is that they both have rough interfaces. Pawsup’s interface looks a lot more organized, compact and easy to use. Every pet owner wants to get the best for their puppy and kitty. They would probably leave your product because it does not look professional. Better user experience, more customers.

